[music]
>> Project Hail Mary is directed by Phil
Lord and Christopher Miller based off
the book by Andy Weir and written by
Drew Goddard and starring the man Ryan
Gosling. And here is science teacher
Ryland Grace wakes up alone on a
spaceship light-years from Earth. As his
memory returns, he uncovers a mission to
stop a mysterious substance killing the
sun and save Earth. An unexpected
friendship may be the key. But I also
want to give a big thank you to the
sponsor for this video, Freecash. I'm a
gamer. I love playing games. I imagine a
lot of you are, too. But have you ever
thought that you could make money while
playing games during your spare time?
Let me show you how. Freecash is a fun
and easy way to earn real money just by
doing simple tasks while already on your
phone, like completing surveys or
playing mobile games. It's like turning
spare time into spending money. Some of
the benefits of Freecash are that you
can withdraw anytime in whatever way
suits you best. Redeem your earnings via
PayPal, Amazon gift cards, and more. And
there's instant payouts, too. It's easy
and simple to sign up with a
user-friendly interface. There's a wide
variety of tasks. There's something for
everyone. And there's a built-in
referral system. You can earn even more
by inviting your friends. Freecash has a
4.7 star Trustpilot rating. It's really
easy to earn while doing everyday
things, like if you have a long line to
wait in or you're just watching TV. You
can sign up at the link in the
description below or with this QR code.
And users get a $5 sign-up bonus. The
more offers you complete, the more
rewards you unlock. So, give it a shot.
And be sure to enable app tracking so
you can get rewarded properly. So,
whenever I do have a little bit of free
time, it's nice to know that I can earn
some quick money while doing really easy
and simple and fun tasks. And you guys
can, too, at the link in the description
below or this QR code. So, thank you so
much to Freecash for sponsoring this
video.
>> [sighs]
>> I am a really happy film lover right
now. This movie gave me everything I
could ever want, including the hero from
my childhood, Ryan Gosling, the star of
Goosebumps and Young Hercules, amongst
other great things. He's always been one
of my favorite actors for as long as I
can remember. I loved seeing some of his
early films like Murder by Numbers where
he was starring opposite Sandra Bullock
and I was experiencing like, "Yeah,
that's the guy from Goosebumps, right?
Like I remember seeing him back in the
day. And he's on Are You Afraid of the
Dark as well? Like that's that's my
dude." To see him all these years later
doing such amazing movies and truly
giving what I think might be his best
performance, I'm just really happy for
him. This is a really great film. It's
one of the best theater experiences I
have had in years. Project Hail Mary is
probably going to be one of my favorite
movies of all time. This is my favorite
film about space since Interstellar.
This is a brilliant movie. You should
not miss this. Okay, so yeah, I love it.
It's great. Let's talk about why. As
already stated, this movie shows a man
waking up in a spaceship and he's not
entirely sure why he's there. And as we
uncover his memory through flashbacks,
he's realizing the mission that he's
supposed to have. Past and present
narratives as one can be really tough to
make compelling. Sometimes you start to
like one more than the other and you
want to stay in one. And when they go
back to the other, you're like, "No, no,
no, no, no, no, no, go back to the thing
I like more." This film is so great at
balancing both of them. Because when you
do go back to the past, obviously, it's
not as exciting as a space mission
because he's on Earth and they're trying
to figure out how they're going to save
the sun and most of the life on planet
Earth. One of the reasons these
flashbacks never get boring is because
they almost always end on a really
compelling cliffhanger. They leave you
hanging sometimes wondering how
something came to pass or what's going
to happen to some characters that you've
become fond of. One of the things about
the present narrative that I really
loved is that you know he's on the
mission. And so when you flashback to
the past and he's debating whether or
not he wants to do it or if he has the
bravery within him to do so, you're
thinking yourself like, I mean,
he's on the ship. Whenever movies do
something like that, like for instance,
open a movie showing somebody die and
then you spend the rest of the movie
finding out how they died. And you're
like, "Well, I know they died. So, like,
you know, why do I care about any of
this?" Some movies fail at that. Some
movies are very good at subverting your
expectations. What this film does, of
course I won't get into the details of
it, was like unveiling this whole other
level to the film that was deeper and
darker than I expected it to be. And it
will make subsequent rewatches, which I
cannot wait to do on opening weekend.
I'm going to see this movie again on
opening weekend, far more interesting.
It's just going to make the experience
even better now that I know what's going
on and there's just a lot more happening
that you can appreciate. But it still
works so well on first viewing. Ryan
Gosling, I really do think this is the
best performance I've ever seen from him
and I have seen a lot of great work from
him. A lot is asked of him here because
this is a performance that requires
quite a bit of comedy. He's instantly
likable, not just because he's Ryan
Gosling and we love him from other films
he's done, but because his character is
really genuinely like the little guy.
Despite the fact that he's buff as hell.
Like that's the only thing. It's like
they never showed him like working out,
but he's like
he's pretty cut and uh
he's like a nerd.
You can't have everything, okay, Ryan
Gosling?
He's very funny in the movie, but also
excellent in scenes that require him to
go to a deep, dark place where his
character is facing life and death
situations. It's also a very physically
demanding role. There's a lot of scenes
where he's floating around this ship
being tossed all over the place. And
from what I understand, the shooting
conditions were meant to be very
difficult on purpose so that it would
look great on camera, which it does.
This film is shot by Greig Fraser, who
is already a legend. This film looks
>> [sighs]
>> Listen, I cannot tell you how pleased I
am with this movie. It just is
everything that I want films to be. Yes,
it is based off of a book, but it still
feels like a big swing to get audiences
to come see this movie. Not everybody
knows about the book, you know? It it it
feels like it's still facing some of the
same battles that your average original
big movie faces. And Lord and Miller
have already proven themselves with
their incredible taste, films like the
21 Jump Street movies and the
Spider-Verse films. But this is a whole
'nother level. This is easily the best
thing that I've ever seen them direct,
that's for sure. It's just such a
gorgeous-looking movie. Obviously, there
are visual effects shots, but they have
taken quite a bit of care to make this
feel as handcrafted as possible. Let's
talk about Rocky. This is I don't even
know, maybe my favorite nice alien since
like ET or something. The friendship
between these two is so heartwarming and
really, really funny. I cannot wait to
show my kids this movie when they're old
enough to appreciate it. It is
the exact type of thing that I go to the
movies for. It is one of those movies
that will remind you like, "Yes, this is
why I love cinema. This is why I want to
be a filmmaker," if you do. It just is
that brilliant reminder that we get once
every few years why we all love this
stuff. Also terrific in the movie,
Sandra Hüller. She plays the woman who's
getting this mission together and trying
to figure out how it's all going to
happen. And there's so much going on
with her character behind the scenes.
It's revealed in a karaoke scene of all
things where you really see like this
level of depth to this character that
she just won't reveal to too many
people. And she has to stay strong like
that because of the situation they're
facing. You can read all of that in her
performance and the subtext of the
writing. I really cannot sing this movie
enough praises, guys. I am begging you
to see this film in a theater. Please go
see this film on the big screen, pay for
a ticket on opening weekend, and on the
second weekend, and on the third
weekend. Do not wait for streaming. Go
see this movie. It is terrific. You got
to support it. In fact,
I'm going to bring something back. I'm
going to give Project Hail Mary an A+.
>> [music]
>> It's been a minute since something like
that's happened. Yeah, you should go see
this one. Also, I want to let you know
that I'm going to be at HorrorHound
Weekend in Cincinnati, March 20th
through 22nd. A lot of really awesome
people are going to be there. Matthew
Lillard, Derek Mears from Shelby Oaks,
Jessica Roth, all kinds of really fun
people. I'll be signing. I have 8 by 10s
ready. I'll be taking pictures with
people. I'll be meeting people all
weekend. So, please do come and say hi.
I would love to meet you. I got a lot of
stuff. It'll be fun. If you want to
bring your own thing for me to sign, I
can do that, too. We'll figure it out.
done anything like that before, but I'm
excited to and I would love to meet some
of you guys. So, definitely check out
HorrorHound Weekend in Cincinnati, March
20th through 22nd. I will be there every
day. Guys, thank you so much as always
for watching. I look forward to more
videos very soon. If you like this, you
can click right here and get
stuckmanized.
>> [music]